LOOΠΔ arrived a school for shooting the MV!
HaSeul : Yo!
It's a hallway which is full of swag!
*FREEZE*
HyunJin : (A girl rapper) HaSeul, let's do a rap battle!
*<Show Me The Money> is a South Korean rap competition TV show that airs on Mnet
HaSeul : Yo, Kim HyunJin~
HaSeul : You...
HaSeul : are...
HaSeul : ...so pretty!!!
HyunJin : Girl, boy!?
*It's HaSeul's "소년, 소녀(Let Me In)" reference
HyunJin : I don't know your identity, if you're a girl or a boy~
HyunJin : It's the same~
HyunJin : like 'Chopstick March'
HyunJin : It's the same! (Punchilnes!)
HyunJin must have seen it from somewhere...
HaSeul : You run out of the car, after smashing the front door
Now HaSeul is singing Dynamic Duo's "Guilty"
Suddenly she's so embarrassed...
HyunJin : Do you want to build a snowman~
HaSeul : No!! Edit this!!!
HaSeul : Nike!
HaSeul : Adidas!!!
HaSeul : Is it okay to talk about some brand names like this...?